2020 has not been good so far i feel
like ryan seacrest lied to us
u.s and canadian intelligence officials
believe that
after the airstrike the other night when
iran retaliated against us iran
the iranians accidentally shot down a
ukrainian passenger jet
killing all the passengers on board 176
people then the new york times today
obtained video that appears to have
captured the
incident officials believe that the
plane was shot down by two russian-made
missiles
from iran and of course president trump
rejects the notion that this terrible
accident may have been
a result of his recklessness uh
but somebody could have made a mistake
on the other side could have
could have made a mistake it was flying
it was it was flying and uh
not our system no it has nothing to do
with us it was flying in a
pretty rough neighborhood
pretty rough neighborhood that's why
they locked the doors and rolled the
windows up it was a rough neighborhood
i know that's an insane statement to
make the sky doesn't have neighborhoods
the plane was 8 000 feet in the air his
activities and actions this week we
are not going to help the president
standing internationally according to a
new poll from pew research
more people in the world trust vladimir
putin than donald trump
this is a list of some of the people who
are more trusted than trump
putin president xi of china kim jong-un
scar from the lion king the joker
gollum bill cosby bernie manoff
harvey weinstein the ghost of hitler
peanut butter cup with a half exposed
razor blade in it
and then donald j trump our president
but our dear miss leader was at it again
on twitter today if you're wondering why
people
question his honesty today the president
took credit for
well look at this u.s cancer death rate
lowest in recorded history
a lot of good news coming out of this
administration
i guess it takes a cancer to kill cancer
and the only thing he won't take credit
for is eric and donald jr that's it
by the way the study trump is citing
says the rate of death from cancer
has decreased steadily from since 1991
which means somehow he managed to cure
cancer back when he was doing pizza hut
commercials or something
so today the house passed a resolution
to limit the president's war power some
republicans
even joined democrats in the vote to
limit his powers the goal is to try
to restrict his war powers to two
rock'em sock'em robots and that's
it the resolution would limit trump's
ability to declare war on iran without
congress's permission which seems like a
good idea
it's like parental controls on an ipad
or something
some republicans in the senate have
broken with trump over
two senators rand paul and mike lee were
very unhappy mike lee said the briefing
they got on it was the worst military
briefing
he'd ever seen but the president not
surprisingly
had a different view so here's what
happened on that
i had calls from numerous senators and
numerous congressmen and women
saying it was the greatest presentation
they've ever had
mike and rand paul disagreed because
they want information that honestly i
think is very hard to get
it's okay if the military wants to give
it but they didn't want to give it
i get along great with mike lee i've
never seen him like that
but other people have called and they've
said uh it was the best presentation
they've ever seen oh you see it wasn't a
worse presentation it was the best
presentation
it's so easy to get those two things
mixed up and the weirdest thing trump
said today
was this even with all hell breaking
loose the president found time
to brag about an idea he had to give
nato a new name
i spoke to secretary general yesterday
and we had a great conversation he was
very
uh i think he was actually excited by it
and i actually had a name
nato right and then you have m.e middle
east
you're called natomi i said what a
beautiful name
they told me i'm good at names right
usmca like the song ymca
and uh-huh told me we would say they're
gonna well it makes sense like natomi
watts or something she's surrendering
by the way i think i figure out why he
randomly referenced the ymca it's
because look at this picture
he was standing between a cowboy and a
construction worker
maybe he thought it was the village
people i don't know
and then and then the president gave us
a pretty good explanation of why he's
like this
i give up my salary it's 450 000
approximately 450 000
presidential salary i give it up it goes
to
usually i give it to drugs i give some
to elaine sometimes for transportation
he gives a salary to drugs this now it
all makes sense hey i'm jimmy kimmel
give back this holiday season
in a fun way buy my new book the serious
goose
i wrote it and drew it all the money i
make goes to children's hospitals across
the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids
it's up to you